[Autogenerated] Let's start the services off the demo
application and go back to Grafana.
Grafana is a powerful tool with lots of features.
I'm only going to show you the tip off the iceberg here,
included with the example Project is a JSON file
that defines a Grafana dance sport.
Let's import that dashboard.
Move your mouse over the plus I can in the top left and
select import from the menu that comes up.
Then click the Upload JSON file button and select the Grafana dashboard,
a JSON file and click Import.
Now you have already made dashboard for this application.
That shows you some interesting things before we continue.
Click on the disk at I can in the top right and saved the dashboard.
Grafana seems to havoc work.
If you don't save the dashboard, then alerts don't work.
Now let's take a look at what you can see on the dashboard.
Grafana Dashboard consists off panels that can show data in different ways.
At the top, we have a panel with the title registrations.
If you click on the title of this panel and then select edit,
you can see how this panel works.
The panel gets its data by performing queries on the data source.
In this case, the panel has to queries.
Let's look at the first one.
The query looks a little bit like SQL from the default data source.
It's elects the metric spring integration sent where name is
SQL to registration service activator.
We've seen this metric before.
It's the metric that's being integration provides with
information about send calls or message channels and Message
Hander's What's After the Wear corresponds to the tax that are
available this metric on the next line,
the select defines which measurement off the metric we want to see.
In this case, we select the count measurement.
Next, we have to specify an aggregation function.
This is necessary because we're not necessarily
selecting all the individual measurements,
but we're interested in the values off the measurement in a certain time.
Interval the aggregation functions specifies how we want to summarize the
measurements in the time interval that we're selecting,
for we are taking the mean value off the measurements here.
The next line that starts with group by defines how we select the
measurements to be aggregated the setting time dollar underscore
underscore Interval means we're interested in the measurements in
the current interval.
There is a second query here, which is the same as the first one,
except that there is an extra cart eerie in in the first line.
This query select only the failures.
With these two queries, we get to over late graphs in the panel,
one with the total number off,
send calls to registration service and the other one
with only the failed sand calls.
Besides the registrations panel, I set up a number of other panels.
The principal for each of them is the same,
so each panel gets its data from one or more queries.
For example,
the ticket count panel has three queries on the
Globomantics registration tickets metric,
which we've added earlier and shows how many premium standard and
community tickets are currently registered.
There are two more panels that show the number of calls to
the billing system and confirmation emails,
which are set up similarly to the registration spaniel to show
both the total number of calls and the errors.
There's also on alert spinal.
The panels for the billing system and confirmation emails
have alert rules and even alert triggers.
Then it will show up in this panel.
Finally,
There are two panels at the bottom that showed the JVM memory and CPU usage.
Right now, not much is happening.
Let's start the low generator test in the IDE E and
see what happens on the dashboard.
After a while,
you'll see graphs appearing and you'll see the ticket
counts go up in the registration spent.
All you'll see green bars, but sometimes also a smaller orange bar appears.
The green bar shows the total number off sand calls on the registration service,
and the Orange Bar shows the number off errors.
Remember that errors sometimes happen because the low generated
tests sometimes enters duplicate email addresses.
As you can see in the alerts panel,
the billing system and confirmation emails are both running.
Okay, let's now stop the greenmail Docker container and see what happens.
You will see orange bars appear in the confirmation emails panel,
and when this continues, a red alert appears in the alerts panel.
This would indicate to a system administrator that there
is a problem that needs to be fixed.
Let's restart greenmail.
After about 20 seconds, theater goes away.
That's it for this demo with influx dbn Grafana.
If you are interested in learning more about monitoring,
especially when you're running your application in Docker Containers.
Then there's another course on Pluralsight that you'll find interesting.
It's monitoring containerized application Health with Docker by Elton Stoneman. He is also using Grafana there to visualized metrics.